ASM Python documentation: more environment variable (#14859)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/python.md

`DD_TAGS`
: A list of default tags to be added to every span and profile, for example: `layer:api,team:intake`. Available in version 0.38+.

`DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS`
: **Default**: `null`<br>

> CSV of header names that are reported on the root span as tags. For example `DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS="User-Agent:http.user_agent,Referer:http.referer,Content-Type:http.content_type,Etag:http.etag"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comma-separated list of header names that are reported on the root span as tags. For example, `DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS="User-Agent:http.user_agent,Referer:http.referer,Content-Type:http.content_type,Etag:http.etag"`.
```
